# MTRX2700 Week 4 Lab Meeting Minutes  
Date: 20/03/2025 
Location: Mechatronics Dry Lab 
Group Name: S4-G2  
Minute Taker: Jason Yang

---

## 1. Attendance

| Name           | Present |
|----------------|---------|
| Oscar          | âœ…     | 
| Jiaze          | âœ…     |
| Jason          | âœ…     | 

---

## 2. Objective of the Week

- Begin **Exercise 5: Full System Integration**
- Connect and verify serial interface between two STM32 boards
- Route received string through processing pipeline:
  - Palindrome check
  - Caesar cipher (if required)
  - Vowel/consonant count â†’ LED output with timer-based delays

---

## 3. Progress Summary

| Integration Component                    | Status | Owner     | Notes                                                                 |
|------------------------------------------|--------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| UART bridging between two boards         | âœ…     | Oscar     | Board A â†” Board B communication working via UART4/5                   |
| Integration of string input & processing | ðŸ”„     | Oscar     | Palindrome/cipher logic functional but not fully routed from UART     |
| LED display of vowel/consonant count     | ðŸ”„     | Jiaze     | LED toggle logic and timer loop set up; testing in progress           |
| Shared memory coordination               | âœ…     | Jason     | Correct string pointers defined; tested across modules                |
| Button trigger for next word             | ðŸ”„     | Jiaze     | Implementation started, needs integration with timer loop             |
| Initial system testing (combined modules)| ðŸ”„     | All       | Partial test passed, LED logic not fully synced with UART yet         |

---

## 4. Issues Encountered

| Issue                                         | Discussion / Resolution                                             |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Multiple modules accessing same memory        | Separated buffer space and clarified register handoff strategy      |
| LED PWM blinking overlaps with UART receive   | Will stagger UART read + LED update with software handshaking       |
| Button not triggering repeat loop properly    | Suspect debounce or flag logic issue; to debug in next session      |
| Presentation date too early for full polish   | Scheduled **extra meeting before Week 5 demo** to complete testing  |

---

## 5. Repository Updates

| Folder     | Updates Made                              | Notes                                     |
|------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|
| `1.7.2/`   | `integration_main.s` created               | Core integration file with shared functions |
| `1.3.2/`, `1.4.2/`, `1.6.2/` | Updated and imported modules        | Modular design used for import and linking |
| `minutes/` | `minutes_Week4.md` added                   | This meeting record                        |

---

## 6. What Works So Far

- UART data successfully transfers from PC â†’ Board A â†’ Board B
- All standalone modules (cipher, palindrome, timers, LED) function in isolation
- Repository and folder structure confirmed clean and modular
- All team members aligned on task dependencies and interfaces

---

## 7. Immediate Next Steps (For Meeting before Week 5 Demo)

| Task                                             | Owner     | Deadline             |
|--------------------------------------------------|-----------|----------------------|
| Complete routing of UART input to logic pipeline | Oscar     | Before extra meeting |
| Finalize LED count logic with timer delay        | Jiaze     | Before extra meeting |
| Debug and complete button reset/loop trigger     | Jiaze     | Before extra meeting |
| Test full system end-to-end                      | All       | Before Week 5 demo   |
| Update README and documentation for demo         | Jason     | Before Week 5 demo   |


---

## 9. Group Reflections

- Team communicated well and clearly divided tasks
- Early modular design helped isolate and debug logic
- Time constraints meant integration couldnâ€™t be finalized in one session
- Confident all core logic will be complete before Week 5 presentation

---

**Next Meeting:** Extra integration session before Week 5 Lab  
**Minutes saved in repo as:** `minutes/minutes_20_3.txt`

