# MTRX2700 Week 5 Pre-Demo Meeting Minutes  
Date: 27/03/2025 
Location: Mechatronics Dry Lab 
Group Name: S4-G2  
Minute Taker: Jason Yang

---

## 1. Attendance

| Name           | Present |
|----------------|---------|
| Oscar          | ✅     | 
| Jiaze          | ✅     |
| Jason          | ✅     | 

---

## 2. Objective of the Week

- Finish **Exercise 5: Full System Integration**
- Connect and verify serial interface between two STM32 boards
- Route received string through processing pipeline:
  - Palindrome check
  - Caesar cipher (if required)
  - Vowel/consonant count → LED output with timer-based delays
- Demo Preparation

---

## 3. Progress Checklist

| Integration Component                    | Status | Owner     | Notes                                                                 |
|------------------------------------------|--------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| UART bridging between two boards         | ✅     | Oscar     | Board A ↔ Board B communication working via UART4/5                   |
| Integration of string input & processing | ✅     | Oscar     | Palindrome/cipher logic functional but not fully routed from UART     |
| LED display of vowel/consonant count     | ✅     | Jiaze     | LED toggle logic and timer loop set up; testing in progress           |
| Shared memory coordination               | ✅     | Jason     | Correct string pointers defined; tested across modules                |
| Button trigger for next word             | ✅     | Jiaze     | Implementation started, needs integration with timer loop             |
| Initial system testing (combined modules)| ✅     | All       | Partial test passed, LED logic not fully synced with UART yet         |

---

## 4. Issues Encountered

| Issue                                         | Discussion / Resolution                                             |
|-----------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Multiple modules accessing same memory        | Separated buffer space and clarified register handoff strategy      |
| LED PWM blinking overlaps with UART receive   | Will stagger UART read + LED update with software handshaking       |
| Button not triggering repeat loop properly    | Suspect debounce or flag logic issue; to debug in next session      |
| Presentation date too early for full polish   | Scheduled **extra meeting before Week 5 demo** to complete testing  |

---

## 5. Repository Updates

| Folder                       | Updates Made                               | Notes                                       |
|------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| `1.7.2/`                     | `1.7.2a` updated                           | Core integration file with shared functions |
| `1.3.2/`, `1.4.2/`, `1.6.2/` | Updated and imported modules               | Modular design used for import and linking  |
| `minutes/`                   | `minutes_27_3.txt` added                   | This meeting record                         |

---

## 6. Group Reflections

- Team communicated well and clearly divided tasks
- Early modular design helped isolate and debug logic
- All core logic has been complete before Demo

---
 
**Minutes saved in repo as:** `minutes/minutes_27_3.txt`
